good webb all kids other unboxing
and today a childhood game that I hope
that someone has played at least one
time in your life
I'm not saying this may already be anyone
of the whole series since the takedowns in
boy color advanced
is a saga that has gone through all
all the consoles that have been of
nintendo of course and well this is what
which brings as you can see simply
the leading drifter the coach's guide
like all of them, more or less it gives us a
little the history index
explains us here more or less the beginnings
of pokemon because you have to have in
realize that this is actually the third
game released by pokemon the first one was
red and blue e at the same time
they were the first to leave together
the green in japan the blue you think
neither is it in Japan here came the
blue instead of green and in japan the
green instead of blue
Here he explains everything about the envelope
pikachu that is the novelty of this game
with respect to the previous ones
in the novelty is the novelty is that we
brings as if it were the pokemon series
that we have all seen in the
tele and that here the only thing that
has this pokemon
it's the only different thing that has what
serves a pikachu and well yes yes I think
also that has something different some
part of the plot but little else I do not
It seems that you have nothing different to
emphasize it well also that
obviously we touch initial first
it's pikachu and as we go forward
the adventure we get without needing
exchange with anyone because the three
Main pokemon are vulva south charm
under and
and skrtel
well here we see that more gives us
information about a little adventure
gym leaders
he will know about tips as he catches
let's touch the link link
and good a little pokédex to see
here the pokemon there
and that after here we have
the game
like any of yellow
and the box that we use something weird there for
watch
today four euros cost us in
the cash converters although I got bad at
reality because in the game did not put
here as you see nintendo game boy what
I put nothing
and then a friend of mine gave me
this and I kept the box
and then this is what this classic has
game and if you have not tried it
I recommend you try it because the bitch
host
so this is all kids until the
next